[Music]
Efram feeds on the wind and pursues the
east wind he daily increases lies and
desolation also they make a covenant
with the Assyrians and oil is carried to
Egypt the Lord also brings a charge
against Judah and will punish jacob
according to his ways according to his
deeds he will recompense him he took his
brother by the heel in the womb and in
his strength he struggled with God yes
he struggled with the angel and
prevailed he wept and sought favour from
him he found him in Bethel and there he
spoke to us that is the Lord God of
hosts the Lord is his memorable name so
you by the help of your God return
observe mercy and justice and wait on
your God continually a cunning
Canaanites deceitful scales are in his
hand he loves to oppress and Ephraim
said surely I have become rich I have
found wealth for myself in all my labors
they shall find in me no iniquity that
is sin but I am the Lord your God ever
since the land of Egypt I will again
make you dwell in tents as in the days
of the appointed feast I have also
spoken by the prophets and have
multiplied visions I have given symbols
through the witness of the prophets
though Gilead has idols surely they are
vanity though they sacrifice Bulls in
Gilgal indeed their altars shall be
heaps in the furrows of the field
Jacob fled to the country of Syria
Israel served for a spouse and for a
wife he tended sheep by a prophet the
Lord brought Israel out of Egypt and by
a prophet he was preserved
Efram provoked him to anger most
bitterly therefore his Lord will leave
the guilt of his blood shed upon him and
return his reproach upon him
[Music]